Eventum Code Contributions

MySQL welcomes contributions of code to the Eventum project. In order to 
clarify the intellectual property rights you are granting to MySQL, we 
need you to send us an email where you assure us -- in legal terms -- 
that you are the rightful owner of the contribution and that you license 
it for us to use under the GPL. Except for the license that you grant to 
MySQL, you continue to have all ownership rights in your code.  Be sure 
to read the MySQL Eventum Software Contributor Agreement listed below 
for the full details of your license grant to MySQL.

Please send eventum-contributions@mysql.com an email in which you (1) 
provide the following information about yourself, and (2) paste in the 
full text of the MySQL Eventum Software Contributor Agreement listed 
below.  By including the Agreement text in your email, you are stating 
that you accept and agree with the terms and conditions of the Agreement.


Your Information (to include in your email to eventum-contributions@mysql.com):

Name:
Email:
Telephone Number:
Full Mailing Address:
Company and Title (if applicable):


MySQL Eventum Software Contributor Agreement (to include in your email 
to eventum-contributions@mysql.com):

This MySQL Eventum Software Contributor Agreement is between you and 
MySQL AB ("MySQL").  In this Agreement, "You" shall mean the owner of 
the Contribution, as defined below, including any individual or any 
corporation or entity which has authorized the person accepting this 
Agreement to act on its behalf.  The purpose of this Agreement is to set 
forth the terms and conditions under which MySQL may use software that 
you wish to contribute to MySQL for the purpose of use within one or 
more MySQL software development projects, including but not limited to 
MySQL's Eventum project.

By accepting this Agreement, You hereby agree to the following terms and 
conditions:

1.  As used in this Agreement, the term "Contribution" shall mean any 
software, including source code and/or object code, documentation, or 
modifications to the foregoing, which You concurrently or subsequently 
make available or submit to MySQL in any form.  Contributions shall not 
include any software or documentation which has been explicitly marked 
to indicate that it is not a contribution to MySQL.

2.  You hereby grant to MySQL, its successors, and assigns, the 
non-exclusive, transferable, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free right 
to use, modify, copy, sell, transmit, and distribute in any form the 
Contributions under the terms of any version of the GNU General Public 
License, or any version of the GNU Lesser General Public License. 
Without limitation, this grant is made with respect to any copyright, 
patent, or other intellectual property or moral rights You may have in 
or to the Contributions.  MySQL shall have no duty whatsoever to render 
an accounting to You for any use of a Contribution.

3.  You represent that You are legally able and entitled under the laws 
of your jurisdiction to enter into this Agreement and to grant MySQL the 
rights described in this Agreement.

4.  You represent that You are the original author, creator, or inventor 
of the Contributions.  If Your employer(s) have rights to intellectual 
property that You create, You represent that have received permission to 
provide each Contribution on behalf of that employer, or that Your 
employer has waived such rights for the Contributions.

5.  You warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, the Contributions 
do not violate the legal or intellectual property rights of any other 
party.  Except as described in this Agreement, the Contributions are 
licensed on an "AS IS" basis and You do not make any warranty or 
representation of any kind with regard to the Contributions.

6.  You agree to notify MySQL if any circumstance should arise which 
would make any of the foregoing representations inaccurate in any respect.

7.  Except as granted to MySQL in this Agreement, You retain all right, 
title, and interest in and to the Contributions.

8.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Delaware and 
applicable U.S. Federal law, without application of choice of law rules.

